hello everybody today were playing team
deathmatch on Skid Row and today I'm
using a seamlessly with class i'm
actually using the ACR with thermal
sight striker with grip i believe
sleight of hand cold-blooded and steady
aim so one of the spawn on this i
believe this is the attack inside this
is the attack inside for searching the
show I think ain't too positive on that
but whenever you start here if you're on
Team Deathmatch of domination where you
would lose your phone for semtex exactly
in that spot you'll always get a kill or
hit marker and there's normally two
people there as you just saw there's
always one with lightweight marathon
that always rushes up and there's always
one every single time who sits at the
back for looking at that window and a
thermal sign really does help and trying
to like find out where they are so
thanks to my headset I heard where this
guy was and as you see from this lovely
display of the striker how many hit mark
is it gets at a distance you can hit
people across the map with this gum but
you know you'll still get 58 hit markers
from it oh this guy is skill MLG legit
anyway so my headset actually saved me
this game you'll sit like running start
toward the end it was pretty funny in my
opinion as he does loaded them down
there so I without my friend I chased
after them some displays of a striker
can be really good some you know
sometime this week as hell sometimes
it's super good but it's really a really
unbalanced gun sometimes I'll get one
hit kills of it sometimes I'll get ten
hit kills of it but combined with this a
CO or thermal it's actually a really
good combination because I've got my
thermal for long range and because it's
on an ACR the you know the acuras a
curious the best what I have no idea
what I'm trying to say
curacy duh I have no idea what I'm
fucking China yeah well you can hit it's
the most accurate gun in the game that's
what I'm trying to say fuck you know get
a grip of your soul Jordan mr. heat the
heat frying my brain anyway so you got
your long distance with the ACR and you
got your short distance to medium with
the Shriker so it's actually like a
really good combination together to work
out here I'm actually staying in this
building just because they're everywhere
right about now they're behind me there
in the building's there you know below
me so I don't see why people stay down
this corridor right here because as you
see I'll just like he doesn't hit that
guy didn't even bother to move he did
not bother to move even though I shot a
whole clip into him through the mattress
here I'm getting scrambled some just
running for my life because I did not
want to die and I know that someone's
right up there because I could hear all
the bullets going off and like i said i
had the headset that saved me this guy
has no idea what he's doing and he just
walked past someone they jumped off the
building I mean jumped off the legend
shot for whatever reason so it's
actually been three weeks without my
internet well I had internet one like uh
for those who don't know a dongle is it
like a USB powered wireless device you
know phones you can like pay credit as
you go so it's not a contract this is
exactly like it you have to top up your
SIM card put it into the dongle and then
you can you know you get wireless
internet from it so I'm using that for
my computer right now and I'm actually
really craving to play modern warfare 2
because it's one of the good things I'm
actually good at and the spy order
floors about this game you know it is
really really good when actually when
you actually get a good gameplay you
know what jet should do good just
thought to have fun and whatnot so I
believe I'm 22 to right now
and you know this isn't an amazing game
player sexually 32 free and just
thinking like I'll just commentate this
because I can't get any more game
players I'm just gonna stop power what I
have right now just so when my instant
does come back when I you know I don't
need to do too many commentaries and
like when my internet is back on i'll
try up a video every day not every day
every day but every day for the first
like five days and six days something
when i go bed i'll just upload one
because you know I've I've got one
stockpiled already and this would be
this one so don't expect anything you
know by the way someone's born below me
and here's what my headset saves me just
listen did you hear him just cook that
semtex oh my god i fucking pissed myself
laughing when that happened because you
know he's just like oh I'm gonna stick
this girl for semtex and then he fur and
you know hipfire them how can he miss a
sim txt though they missed it I was
spending stolen he missed it so I know
there's loads of them like below me and
shit right now so I'm just you know cool
my extra air strike on top of them and
mine airstrike kills me here somehow I
was in the middle of the dolim my own
air track killed me so basically the
final score this game should have been
32 to but my infamous air strike had to
kill me didn't it and imagine I could
have been like 34 22 or something
because I was actually in their spawn so
there's a little like you know bad thing
for me
so look at this javelin I love javelins
how they always miss so cool anyway so
I've got one coal left to get so there's
my last kill and vents watching the
video don't forget to like the video and
I've actually just hit 20,000
subscribers so I want to thank everyone
for that as well and see you later guys
you